Who's Hiring? - March 2023
https://www.reddit.com/r/golang/comments/11fijrn/whos_hiring_march_2023/
How to unit test your database interactions with Docker
https://www.reddit.com/r/golang/comments/1219jri/how_to_unit_test_your_database_interactions_with/
Image digest of Go 1.19.7 changed?
https://www.reddit.com/r/golang/comments/121jxa5/image_digest_of_go_1197_changed/
Handling auth tokens with a SPA frontend
https://www.reddit.com/r/golang/comments/121iija/handling_auth_tokens_with_a_spa_frontend/
How to land an entry-level backend Golang job remotely
https://www.reddit.com/r/golang/comments/121qxx4/how_to_land_an_entrylevel_backend_golang_job/
GitHub - orijtech/structslop: structslop is a static analyzer for Go that recommends struct field rearrangements to provide for maximum space/allocation efficiency.
https://github.com/orijtech/structslop
Connecting to https server with SSL cert
https://www.reddit.com/r/golang/comments/121d60c/connecting_to_https_server_with_ssl_cert/
why I cannot write post request to local json file?
https://www.reddit.com/r/golang/comments/121ru93/why_i_cannot_write_post_request_to_local_json_file/
Can you use a pointer in a struct?
https://www.reddit.com/r/golang/comments/121q1lx/can_you_use_a_pointer_in_a_struct/
I think I'm going crazy refactoring my web app
https://www.reddit.com/r/golang/comments/121ln4t/i_think_im_going_crazy_refactoring_my_web_app/
Concurrency in Go - A deeper look into Go's runtime scheduler
https://www.reddit.com/r/golang/comments/120q1rr/concurrency_in_go_a_deeper_look_into_gos_runtime/
GitHub - go-aie/gptbot: Question Answering Bot powered by OpenAI GPT models.
https://github.com/go-aie/gptbot
Ultimate config for Go applications
https://benchkram.de/blog/dev/ultimate-config-for-golang-apps
Question about context propagation through the network - Go beginner
https://www.reddit.com/r/golang/comments/121b3n8/question_about_context_propagation_through_the/
Good patterns for preventing implementation detail leakage through wrapped errors?
https://www.reddit.com/r/golang/comments/120uw2u/good_patterns_for_preventing_implementation/
I like Go so far...but...
https://www.reddit.com/r/golang/comments/120uuak/i_like_go_so_farbut/
Detect @RD /q /s
https://www.reddit.com/r/golang/comments/121jvs3/detect_rd_q_s/
Reddit Post Exporter â€” my first serious project
https://www.reddit.com/r/golang/comments/120msz1/reddit_post_exporter_my_first_serious_project/
Long form Vs Short form videos
https://www.reddit.com/r/golang/comments/121gqvf/long_form_vs_short_form_videos/
GoCrest v1.0.8 released
https://www.reddit.com/r/golang/comments/120s4ln/gocrest_v108_released/
What is your opinion about "argument structs"?
https://www.reddit.com/r/golang/comments/120fh2n/what_is_your_opinion_about_argument_structs/
Reason I like Go
https://www.reddit.com/r/golang/comments/120274o/reason_i_like_go/
Nifty pattern for having a struct with default behavior but allow it to be overriden
https://github.com/kubernetes-sigs/controller-runtime/blob/main/pkg/predicate/predicate.go#L55-L100
My first Golang project )
https://www.reddit.com/r/golang/comments/121enky/my_first_golang_project/
Planning Go 1.21 Cryptography Work
https://words.filippo.io/dispatches/go-1-21-plan/
Does go have a better way to handle x.a, x.b, x.c, etc..
https://www.reddit.com/r/golang/comments/120slqu/does_go_have_a_better_way_to_handle_xa_xb_xc_etc/
